who finally it's here your long-awaited
trip to a Paradise Island you pack your
bags board the plane land and check into
the hotel but everything goes downhill
from there
it's the worst one you've ever stayed at
and all you can do is wonder why more
hotels don't have these conveniences
better mini bars
first of all yes they're overpriced
what's worse
there are even pressure-sensitive mini
bars that charge you just for picking up
one of the snacks and looking at it even
if you didn't need it
besides that most mini bars also have
little or no healthy snack options some
hotels let guests choose what snacks
they'd like to see in the room and more
should do the same complimentary water
let's say you decided to splurge on
those flamin hot chips in your minibar
your tongue is on fire tears streaming
down your cheeks and no drop of water in
sight you've already been warned not to
drink from the tap in this place so your
only option is the even more expensive
water in the minibar wouldn't it be nice
to have a small bottle of complimentary
water in your hotel room since water is
you know a basic human necessity smart
blinds falling asleep after a long
flight can be tough especially when
you've crossed several time zones and
you're severely jet lag blackout
curtains are a must in hotel rooms but
for the best guess experience they
should have smart blinds nothing is
sweeter than waking up and getting a
little sunshine in with one tap or even
better with a voice command TV with
Netflix remember when we used to watch
only what a limited number of channels
were showing scary times I know nowadays
we have all kinds of movies and shows
available to us anywhere at any time in
the 21st century hotel there should be
at least smart TV to connect to all your
favorite streaming services and I
wouldn't say no to a complimentary
Netflix service either pillow choice
well I do appreciate a nice designer
to the room I'm staying in I love good
sleep even more and the last thing I
want when I'm living it up on vacay is a
pillow that gives me neck pain the next
morning and ruins my whole day some
hotels have different pillow options
with varying softness and even said it's
a pity more don't white noise machine
but what if even the best pillows in the
world don't help you fall asleep then
you can find relief in a good white
noise machine it's much more comfortable
to fall asleep to the soothing sounds of
ocean waves or just to thunder global
outlet you've arrived at a hotel in
another country your phone with your
whole itinerary tickets and maps is down
to the single digits in the battery do
you unpack your charger only to see the
prongs look nothing like the socket in
the wall uh-oh
Hotel should already have global outlets
and adapters this way you can arrive
from any place in the world and be sure
your device will never run out of juice
local smart phone the worst thing is
when you go to another country and find
out that your phone doesn't work there
at all good thing is that a lot of
hotels today are already putting a local
working smartphone for you in the room
loaded with maps train schedules and
guides the phone is yours to take and
use during your stay
modern key replacement forget the old
cranky room keys are those key cards you
either lose or they stop working at
least once a day
hotels are starting to use cell phones
as digital keys an app uses Bluetooth to
connect to the locks and with just one
tab you can open your room or get access
to the pool keycard access to elevators
if a hotel is going to have key cards
they should at least limit elevator use
to those who have on guests and staff as
an additional security step even better
include it in the app hands-free room
tech the remote control and light
switches are some of the dirtiest things
in a hotel room cleaning staff wipe down
obvious stuff make the beds and so on
but remotes and switches are often
neglected how about we make all
electronics voice-activated or at least
smartphone activated it wouldn't hurt to
stay as germ-free as possible
Robo service you order some room service
and shortly after you hear a knock at
the door you open to see an adorable
little robot delivering your food yes
this technology already exists in hotels
that seem to be living in the 22nd
century implementing robot technology
can make service much faster and free up
some time for overworked hotel staff
plus many guests will probably feel
safer opening the door to a robot unless
it's an evil robot sent by a mad
scientist just down the hall printer the
main reason we have conference halls and
meeting rooms in hotels is for business
visitors so it makes sense to have
simple printers available to all guests
in the rooms whether you need to print
out cue cards for presentation or you're
just a vacationer needing to print your
boarding pass a printer can be helpful
for any kind of guests iron ore steamer
anyone who's walking into a hotel room
probably has their clothes packed like
sardines into a suitcase I'm willing to
bet wrinkly garments are an annoyance
for most guests especially for those
business people I just mentioned yet
almost no hotels have an iron ore
steamer at this point these things
should be a room standard toothpaste and
mouthwash mouthwash I meant to say
mouthwash but mouthwash is funnier
anyway
they provide most of your basic
toiletries shampoo so conditioner
sometimes even lotion but why don't more
hotels hook you up as some free dental
hygiene essentials - hey
especially when so many travelers get
their toothpaste and mouthwash
confiscated at the airport hairdryer I
know I know there's usually a hairdryer
in the bathroom but come on anyone who
couldn't fit their own hair dryer into
the
hich knows the struggle of trying to use
the hotel's somehow in the 21st century
we cannot get a normal functioning
blow-dryer in a hotel bathroom jeez
library unexpected item on this list but
much needed for book works a small
international book collection open for
borrowing can be a great addition to the
hotel experience or how about a way to
borrow an electronic copy of your
favorite book on vacation there could
also be city guides freeze books you
name it evie chargers as the world moves
to more eco-friendly and sustainable
ways to travel more and more electric
and hybrid cars hit the road every day
hotels all over the world should have
the amenities to support this growing
technology unfortunately only a limited
number of hotels have evie chargers to
keep those vehicles juiced up and going
Wi-Fi yes nowadays it's hard to find a
hotel that doesn't have an available
Wi-Fi connection the problem is that a
lot of them charge extra for the slowest
internet connection ever or it has a
limited use time so you don't even get a
chance to do that much with it once your
online worse is when it's all that plus
it works only in certain areas when not
all phones work internationally good
Wi-Fi is a must
on-site mail service you broke the bank
on souvenirs and there's not enough room
in your bag to take them with you
instead of making the tough decision to
leave some clothes behind or get another
suitcase there should be a special box
where you can put all the items you need
to be shipped to your house rent a pet
listen we've all been far from home on a
trip and it does get pretty lonely on
the other side of the planet some hotels
already have a rent a fish program where
for a small price you can have a
goldfish to keep you company in your
room but what about a cat or a small dog
with an option to adopt them at the end
ok